hi there this is Spitfire to 55 65 with
game-mode 5 and today we're going to be
looking at the envious host control
panel and more specifically something we
kind of covered before but us i think
really deserves its own video is the
ability to install plugins at just just
a couple of clicks here we're at our
control panel and if you go to files you
go to plugins alright as you can see
here we've got a few plugins that we can
add at our leisure most of it is kind of
the descriptions aren't filled in for
most of it but luckily the names
themselves do indeed tell you mostly
what the plug-in does now let's see
let's see there for instance essentials
here essentials essentials is a well
it's not so much a plug-in as it is a
group of plugins that allows you to do a
quote-unquote essential commands there's
a lot in here some server owners love
this plugin others hate it it does seem
to be a love-hate relationship
especially because earlier versions had
some major issues but it seems like most
of that has been worked out now as long
as you can figure it properly so for
instance what we would do is we would
hit the unpack button alright and here
it says the plugin archive is being
unpacked see the server log right
now if we go let's see let's put that on
the back burner for right now and we
will install factions factions is a big
plug in especially on MMORPG servers or
RPG servers of also pvp servers things
like that then we'll go ahead we will
install that and as quick as that if we
go back to page number two we will see
factions as installed it's got that
little plus sign right there and we've
got the remove option now because it is
in fact installed all right we can go
back now on our server will now be
factions of course we will have to
reboot the server in order to get that
properly done so we will simply restart
the server
and once that is fully rebooted see it
says online zero out of ten players we
can now look in our console and if you
look at the boot up sequence it does in
fact say that factions is booted up I do
recommend taking a look at this every
time you reboot and some things change
to either configurations or whatnot
because important messages do in fact
come up here in the console let's see
and it looks like essentials is also
loaded we can see that here right now
what we should do is hit back now we can
go to files we can go to config files
and indeed if you look here we have the
YAML files or the settings files rather
for for both essentials and if we look
we should also find it for factions
let's go to page number two that's world
at it
alright looks like factions actually
isn't showing up and there are two
reasons for that first off factions says
specifically to not use the config files
to edit your your faction sex they
actually want you to use the in-game
commands the second being that it looks
like the panel is not recognizing it
because it's not a yml file I believe it
they use some other file setting so we
would actually have to go and look at
the either the ftp which is either
filezilla or the built-in ftp client
here I do recommend using FileZilla for
a couple of reasons it does have an
automatic edit function in it that
allows you to edit your file and then
ship it right back to the server the
second reason is if you ever do decide
to move up to a VPS or something along
those lines that will also help you
immensely because it kind of trains you
to think in that way all right now
seeing as we already have the essentials
configs set up here we're going to go
ahead we're going to look at those and
now you will see here anything with this
funny little mark here that's going to
be a comment the server doesn't see that
and it doesn't pay attention that for
instance here you have a color code
between 0 and nine or a and F setting to
none will disable now that means that
this is solely for your benefit to make
this a little easier on you now here you
know you see other settings and true and
falls again be very careful a space or
especially a tab in the wrong place can
break these files all right now edit
this to your liking and then what we
would do is we
would save now every time we do that it
will require either a restart or a
reload now a reload is in game when you
type in / reload in a TA and hit enter
it's good common practice to not reload
a server the reason being is the way the
bucket is implemented it causes problems
because of the way that it flushes the
old out and ads in the New long story
short try not to do that I know it can
be a pain if you've got some users
online but you will end up so much
happier as an admin if you just restart
the server so that's what we're going to
do just to showcase I know we didn't
edit anything but for the sake of
argument and once this comes back up
beautiful all right now if you have if
you guys have any questions comments
matters of concern leave them in the
comments down below I'm Spitfire to 55
65 with game-mode 5 like subscribe
comments please